Project's Title 
Pymaceuticals Inc. Analysis of Lab Data

Project Description 
This python script accepts the lab data for a theoretical pharmaceutical company - animal data and test results. Various statistical anlysies are performed including linear regression, correlation evaluation, and outlier observation.  The analysis is ultimately performed to evaluate the effectiveness of a specific theoretical drug compared to several others within the study. 

How to Install and Run the Project 
Download the python-challenge directory locally and execute either or both main.py files using a python interpretter. The analysis makes use of matplotlib.pyplot, pandas, and scipy.stats modules, ensure these are installed and up-to-date.

How to Use the Project 
The data format expected is: Mouse_metadata - data set containing information about each mouse specimen, the drug they were administered, and their sex, age, and weight. Study_results - adataset of observations for each mouse specimen and their tumor counts and size over time.

Download the directory and maintain the folder structure.

Data will be output to the terminal as needed, analysis in written file separate from repository..

Credits 
Example data and direction for creation were provided by Rutgers University Data Science Bootcamp, taught by Anju Ajwani, 2023. Structure of README file provided here: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-a-good-readme-file/ All sources of code used are given context and source within the comments of the code.  
License Contact Rutgers University for acceptable use of the code generated by student through their bootcamp course, as policy may change at any time.
